Proposal for CFP
================

Aim and Scope
-------------
TAP 2024 is the 18th International Conference on Tests and Proofs. TAP
promotes research in verification and formal methods that targets the
interplay of static and dynamic analysis techniques with the ultimate
goal of improving software and system dependability.

Research in verification has seen an increase in heterogeneous
techniques and a synergy between the traditionally distinct areas of
dynamic and static analysis. There is growing awareness that dynamic
techniques such as testing and static techniques such as proving are
complementary rather than mutually exclusive. Notable examples that
provide evidence for the potential of a combination of static and
dynamic analysis are counterexample generation based on symbolic
execution, the integration of SAT/SMT-solving in model checking, or
the combination of predicate abstraction with exhaustive enumeration.
The verification of systems based on machine learning spurs novel 
combinations of dynamic and static analyses, e.g., property 
verification of surrogate models that are generated through testing. 

TAP’s scope encompasses many aspects of verification technology,
including foundational work, tool development, and empirical
research. Topics of interest center around the combination of static
techniques such as proving and dynamic techniques such as testing.

Papers are solicited on, but not limited to, the following topics:

- Verification and analysis techniques combining proofs and tests,
- Static analysis of programs with the aid of dynamic techniques,
- Deductive techniques supporting the automated generation of
test vectors and oracles,
- Deductive techniques supporting (novel) definitions of
coverage criteria,
- Specification inference by deductive or dynamic methods,
- Testing and runtime analysis of formal specifications,
- Search-based techniques for proving and testing,
- Testing and Verification of systems based on machine learning,
- Verification of verification tools and environments,
- Applications of test and proof techniques in new domains,
- Combined approaches of test and proof in the context of
formal certifications (Common Criteria, CENELEC, …), and
- Case studies, tool and framework descriptions, and
experience reports

Authors are encouraged (but not required) to make the relevant
artifacts available to the reviewers (and whenever possible
publicly). Artifacts can be provided at submission time or after
notification of acceptance and will go through a lightweight 
reviewing process, handing out availability badges.


Important Dates
---------------

Abstract submission:   05/08/2024
Paper submission:      05/15/2024
Paper notification:    06/26/2024
Artifact submission:   07/03/2024
Artifact notification: 07/14/2024
Camera-ready version:  07/17/2024

Conference: 09/09/2024-09/10/2024


Submission Instructions
-------------

TAP 2024 accepts papers of two kinds:

- Regular papers: full submissions describing
- original research results,
- tools, and
- case studies
of up to 16 pages. For tools and case studies, the tool, framework, or
case study described in a tool paper should be available for public use.

- Short papers: submissions describing preliminary findings, proofs of
concepts, and exploratory studies, of up to 6 pages.

All page limits exclude the references. Appendices may be included,
but they will only be read by a reviewer at their discretion.

Regular and short papers must be original, unpublished, and not submitted
for publication elsewhere.

Papers will undergo a thorough review process. The review process is
single blind. Submissions will be judged on the basis of significance,
relevance, correctness, originality, and clarity. The submissions will
be reviewed and selected for publication based on the above-mentioned
criteria as well as suitability to the conference’s technical program.
After notification, all artifacts of accepted papers will be reviewed
with respect to their availability, consistency with and replicability
of results in the paper, completeness, documentation, and ease of use.
The papers will receive corresponding badges.

Accepted submissions will be published in Springer’s LNCS series. Papers
have to adhere to Springer’s LNCS format and must be submitted in PDF
format at the EasyChair submission site:

https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=tap24


